Emperor's Hammer Battle 14: Vader Takes Command

Original Plotline By John Whittemore
FLT MBR/GN Strife/Gamma-1/ISD Avenger (Inactive Member)
Completed/Edited By
WC/MG Lee_1/Wing IX/ISD Vanguard
E-mail: gnlee@cyberhighway.net
Corrected by:
FM/LT Dodger/Spectre 1-4/Avenger Wing I/SSD Avenger
E-Mail: LT_Dodger@gmx.de





Mission 1:  Lord Vader has taken personal command of the Avenger and has ordered 
top security.  For this mission, our orders are to guard a VIP who has a meeting 
with Lord Vader himself.  His name is unknown to us and to any flag officer; 
rumors are flying. 
This mission will be a fairly routine and easy according to Vader.  The area is 
rife with Pirate and Rebel activity.

Craft Used:
Imperial Ships:
	ISD Avenger
	(2) TIE Advanced from Epsilon Squadron *Players Flight*
	(3) TIE Bombers from Epsilon Squadron 
	(3) TIE Bombers from Lambda Squadron
	(1) SHU Send

Neutral Ships:
	DREAD Firrerreo 

Pirate Ships:
	(2) T-Wings from Blue Squadron
	(2) A-Wings from Gold Squadron
	(2) B-Wings from Red Squadron
	(1) A-Wing from Black Squadron
	
	

Mission 2:  We have found out that this VIP is a Force user/ Dark Jedi; you are 
not to talk about it at anytime; Vader has ordered complete silence on the 
subject.  The VIP has told Lord Vader of an associate Force user who is being 
held at a Pirate station.  Lord Vader has ordered that we are to capture the 
station, but the real objective is to secure this second Force user, for reasons 
yet unknown.  T/B Beta will launch to weaken the station's shields, and GUN 
Delta will be responsible for disabling the station and patrolling the area.  
SHU Bounty will dock with the disabled PLT Crseih to free the Force user for 
Lord Vader, then ATR Mephisto will capture the station for Imperial use in this 
forsaken area.  

Craft Used:
Imperial Ships:
	ISD Avenger
	(4) Missile Boat from Gamma Squadron *Player's Craft*
	(3) T/D from Beta Squadron
	(2) T/D from Alpha Squadron
	(1) SHU Send
	(2) ATR Getem
	

Pirate Ships:
	PLT/B Crseih 
	(3) Z-95 Blue
	(4) X-Wing Blue     3 waves
	CRV Grant
	
Rebel Ships:
	FRG Yamato
	(4) Z-95 Gold 
	(2) B-Wing Gold
	(4) R-41 Gold 
	
Mission 3:  The ISD Avenger suffered a systems fault from the last mission.  Her 
shields are down and engines are operating at only 50%. The star destroyer's 
power components are in need of repair or replacement at the nearest Imperial 
Shipyard.  Lord Vader has ordered preparations to be made for these repairs.  He 
has also ordered a Tender to rendezvous with us to temporarily repair the 
Avenger's systems.  The closest Tender is the M/CRV Varna and will arrive in 
moments.  
However, suitable power components are not available.  Therefore Lord Vader has 
ordered the recently captured PLT Crseih scavenged of its components to save the 
Avenger from an impending Rebel/Pirate attack.  Rebel Y-Wings are rapidly 
closing and the Avenger will soon be disabled.  Available craft will be launched 
to defend the Avenger and the Varna until we can escape.  Secretly, Lord Vader 
will be using the diversion to launch the SHU Bounty, refitted with Pirate 
emitters, on a covert mission.
 
Craft Used:
Imperial Ships:
	ISD Avenger
	I-NebulonB-F. Ardent 
	(4) T/A from Epsilon Squadron *Player's Craft*
	(4) T/B from Lambda Squadron
	(1) ATR Repair              

Pirate Ships:
	(8) Z-95 Blue
	(4) R-41 Blue
	(1) SHU Take Off     

Rebel Ships:
	(1) Carrack Cruiser Ardon
        (4) Z-95 Red
        (3) B-W Red
        (2) TRN Red          2 waves


Mission 4:  Lord Vader has had you transferred to escort duty aboard a 
Dreadnaught Group while the Avenger is being repaired.  The Commander of the 
DREAD Group Ximeno knows only that we have to protect a Modular Conveyor Group 
loaded with technical weapons material that is bound for the Imperial Weapons 
Labs secretly hidden in the Maw Cluster.  Rumor has it that a flag officer will 
arrive to issue new orders to the Conveyor group.  You have been secretly 
informed to watch for such an officer's appearance and inspect any suspicious 
Imperial craft.  Once done, the loyal M/FRG Onamo will arrive to countermand the 
traitor's orders.  It seems that high ranking Imperials are conspiring with the 
Pirate and Rebels in this area for profit.  Part of the reason for Lord Vader's 
Force assassins was to eliminate these high-ranking traitors without causing 
disruption within the Empire. You are to enter the Onamo's hangar when this 
mission is finished to learn more of what is in store.

Craft Used:

Imperial Ships:
	(1) ISD Avenger
	(4) Missile Boat Gamma *Player's Craft*
	(4) T/D Alpha
        (4) T/A Alpha 
	(2) Modular Conveyors from Convoy (Weapons Tech)
        (2) Con Transporter from Convoy

Pirate Ships:
	(3) CRV Tidor

Rebel Ships:
	CRL Guard
	(6) Y-Wing Red
	(4) Z-95 Red
	(2) X-Wing Red
	(4) Z-95 Gold
        (4) T-W Gold
        (1) PLT/A Kessel IV


Mission 5: Once safely aboard the Onamo, you are informed by Lord Vader's agents 
of current events.  The Force assassins, while completing their missions 
elsewhere, learned from interrogations about other traitors that plan to steal 
or destroy as much Imperial property as they can before joining up with the 
Rebellion. In this mission, Lord Vader sent secret orders to the Commanders of 
the Conveyor Group to divert their course to another area.  It is this area Lord 
Vader hopes to trap the traitors aboard the VSD Oswald.  The ISD Avenger and the 
INT Harpax II will join the Onamo during the action.  News has it that another 
Traitor vessel, as well as a Rebel Strike Force, are also on their way.  It is 
feared that the other traitor vessel, the M/FRG Carstairs, may have secured top 
secret Interdictor Codes that it can use to help the VSD Oswald escape. 
Both the Oswald and Carstairs are to be captured.  All other traitor/Rebel craft 
are to be destroyed.  By capturing these betrayers it is hoped to quell this 
traitorous activity once and for all.  Loyal crews will be put on the captured 
ships, and these ships will return to service.  The traitors are to be brought 
before Lord Vader.  Successful completion of this mission will earn you much 
prestige and recognition from your fellow officers.

Craft Used:
Imperial Ships:
	ISD Avenger
	(4) T/D Beta Squadron *Player's Craft*
	(1) I Tyderian Shu No

Traitor Ships:
	M/FRG Marin
	(5) T/I Z-Delta
	(6) T/A Z-Epsilon
	(6) GUN Z-Mu
	
Rebel Ships:
	(4) M/CRV Quad
	(6) A-Wing Red
	(6) X-Wing Blue
	

